we generally have two kinds of yeast we
have one that's called dries this
application is a dries this application
this kind of yeast is designed to arm to
work in their breads where you want a
quick result you're in a hurry you want
to make the bread rise fast it's easy to
transport it doesn't go bad and it's
easy to work with it's recommended to be
to be dissolved in water before you put
into your dough but you could put it the
dough dry as well so it's very easy to
work with it's a has a little bit of
funny smell to it and it's for a fast
track making bread then we got another
kind of yeast that's called the freshest
this yeast is you got to be very
cautious to work with it it has to be
refrigerated if you want to keep it for
a long period of time it has to be
frozen and it could be extremely toxic
very fast so if you ever use this at
home you got to be very careful how you
manage this bad these Iran years could
really get you sick and this is a what
you call a natural wrist and that this
is a little bit harder to work with
because this is recommended to be
dissolved in warm water with just a
pinch of sugar at times if you want to
or and dissolve it so it'll get all over
the door rather than just part of the
dough so this is a more authentic yeast
for breads such as a baguette or the
ciabatta that I mentioned or breads that
need to sit for a long time like our
ship addresses for 18 hours long time
you want to use the slower pace yeast
which is the natural yeast and sometimes
they call the wettest and that sits in
there and slowly works its way and your
bread gets an extremely delicious flavor
the breads that create get created in a
long making process need to have fresh
sheets throughout that flavor that
tastes
that you cannot create a taste of a nice
baguette or a nice shibata with a with a
quick rising yeast like this or dry is
like this you can buy this from your
bakery supplier you could buy it from
specialty baking stores and not
everybody has that it's a very selective
people use this yeast